[Think Stats Chapter 3 Exercise 1](http://greenteapress.com/thinkstats2/html/thinkstats2004.html#toc31) (actual vs. biased)

When the Biased distribution from the perspective of a child respondent within the household is calculated, it is clear that we would get innacurate results if the survey was designed from this perspective.  The actual distribution shows that respondent households are nearly twice as likely to have no children at the time of the survey as they are to have 1 or 2 children,  whith the probability falling off steeply from there.  This tells us the number of household respondants with no children is proportianally higher than those with children.  Because the probability of the no child group in the actual distribution is less than .5, we can conclude that there are more respondants with children than those without, but because we are interested in a more granular exploration of household child distribution, the no children group have the highest probability.  When a bias is introduced from a child within the households perspective,  the probabilities for 1 and 2 children remain nearly the same, but the mode spikes at 3 children, which makes sense as houses with more children would be oversampled and receive more responses, and thus appear more probable than they are in reality.  Houses with no children are obviously not present in the biased distribution because with no children to respond to the survey, they aren't represented in the results.  The mean number of children in the actual distribution comes in at 1.02, whereas the biased distribution shows a mean of 2.4, which explains why the probility of 1 and 2 children in the biasd and unbiased PMF's have values close to one another.

Please see '3-1actual_biased.py' for code.
